**[2021-01-31]**

**
Khri dropped the orb. She felt as if the magnitude of that action would cause her to feel more, to feel something. But the orb fell and cracked on the rocks below with a second. She stood firm for a moment, the orb was destroyed, was there no rebuttal from the Gods? She gripped the scepter tightly around the hilt, the top glowly a fluorescent blue. The man lying on the ground before her did not move. Khri closed her eyes in frustration, why wasn’t the scepter working? What was she doing wrong? With the link broken between the scepter and the orb she should have control as a mortal. She fell to her knees in frustration before the man, both her hands squeezing the godly instrument. 
“Please live.. please.”

“You’re using it wrong.” 

Khri swung around aiming the scepter at the voice. A tall figure now stood before her, dressed in the dark robes of the brotherhood of Kol, The Watchers of the Veil. “How do I use it!? He’s going to die!” Her voice was breaking as she yelled at the watcher. She didn’t care why he was here. 

“Use your soul not your heart, child.” His voice was calm and quiet. 

“What? I don’t have time for your riddles, he’s dying!”

“He’s already dead.” 

She turned to look at the body again, something inside her knew the watcher was right, but no.. she had the scepter.. why.. why did she sacrifice everyone’s lives for his just for him to die anyway. This didn’t make sense, this wasn’t supposed to happen. 

The sound of scraping snapped her attention back to the watcher behind her. He had the orb in his hand, running his fingernails over the cracks in it. A gentle hum and glow came from the orb, life was breathed back into it somehow. The scepter’s crystal darkened immediately and then cracked. “You have much to learn, child.” A flash of blinding energy burst from him and then he was gone. She stood frozen in fear. What had she just done? She turned behind her, Aarand’s body was gone. 
**

!ignore