**[2021-06-26]**

**
Mirh stared at the wall blankly, he didn’t know how long he had been doing so. They say when your world is crumbling around you your mind can start to race and blur, an overwhelming amount of thoughts drowning your ability to reason. Mirh’s thoughts came slowly this time, he was of sound mind. 
The distant clinking of chains and keys brought Mirh out of his stupor. It was time. 
The guard unlocked the cell and stood in the doorway eyeing his prisoner. 
Mirh slowly looked into the guardsman’s eyes, at first it seemed pleading but it was clear it was acknowledgement, a tired sense of overwhelming guilt. Mirh understood. 
He was led down a dark corridor for what seemed like an eternity. He could hear the uproar of the crowd as they anticipated the event, the screaming joy and excitement. Finally they reached the end, a small wooden door was now the last barrier between life and death. Mirh smiled. 
The light was blinding, the explosion of sound was deafening. Mirh recoiled, his senses desperately trying to make sense of his surroundings. He stood on a stage with a few others, the colosseum around him was completely filled with the province’s denizens, shouting in merciless joy for Mirh’s execution. Savages. His chains felt heavy, magic seals. One of the men dressed in thick robes that surrounded him walked up to Mirh and lifted his hood just enough to reveal his face. Mirh suppressed every urge to react. 
Kyr’s face held a smile “Let’s get you out of here.”
**

!ignore