**[2023-01-16]**

** 
The prisoner’s clothes were bright white and clean, they seemed like they had been pressed recently, even fitted. Odd. The institution’s uniforms looked relatively strange when taken care of and not worn down by grime of the filthy who wore them. Standing behind him it was clear his hair was combed back and styled. There was an air of order here.

“Miss [[Bell]], I think you may have found yourself lost.”

She cleared her throat, “Your.. reputation casts a large shadow, [[Lez]].” 
The prisoner didn’t respond, back still to her. 

“How did you know I would come? As far as I know we’ve never met and you’ve been imprisoned here for.. a long time.”

[[Lez]] sighed and carefully lifted himself from the chair, turning as he did so. His face was clean shaven, eyes that spoke of annoyance rather than the curiosity she felt she deserved. She narrowed her eyes as he flattened his shirt and strode over to the bars, hands now behind his back. 

“Your arrival here was doubted but yet you showed up all the same, I had hoped you would attend to other ventures.” [[Lez]] said, his face was hard to read, it felt expressionless.

“That didn’t answer my question.”

“I didn’t intend to answer it.” [[Lez]] said dryly. 

[[Bell]] clenched her jaw, she wasn’t a fan of these games of control. Or rather, more honestly with herself, she just simply wasn’t a fan of losing them. This man was in prison, he was stuck here with the other failures, why did it feel like he had control here?

“[[Lez]], I’ll be blunt, I’ve heard of your.. endeavors. I think we both may have an opportunity to-”

[[Lez]] turned, “I’ll stop you there Miss [[Bell]],” and began walking towards his chair. “I told you before you were lost to come here, I had meant it.” He situated himself in his chair, back to her once more. “Good day Miss [[Bell]].”

Her hands turned to fists at her sides. How insufferable. *How am I going to get him out of here?*
**