**[2021-12-09]**

**
[[Cel]] felt fear that was only describable by someone who understood death. Overwhelming every part of her being, she felt the fear like a disease crawling through her veins. As she saw [[Ki]] stop and turn, she understood she could die at any moment, here and now. Fighting every instinctual urge to run, to *move*, she stood still, accepting her fate and placing it in the hands of the man before her. Some find peace in relinquishing the path of their lives even in unimaginable circumstances, [[Cel]] did not. Looking into [[Ki]]’s eyes assured her at least that HE was confident. She took a deep breath, taking back control from the panic was vital here. Her favorite part was coming up after all. When [[Ki]] smiled, so did she. 

“Showtime.”

[[Ki]]’s timing was impeccable. The instant the arrows were fired the area around him exploded in cyan light. Shock from the powerful blast knocked everyone back who wasn’t ready the sheer brilliance of the supernova that was created was nothing less than purely blinding. For those that weren’t flashed into sightlessness, a residual magin cloud lingered, blocking line of sight completely. 

[[Cel]] had already pushed the two attackers that were trailing from behind, her red alloy sword trailing a beautiful purple gleaming arc behind it as she swung it forward. The residual magin haze clung to the red alloy resulting in a devastating magin alloy combination. The first swing eviscerated one of the targets, a diagonal cut that halved the attacker’s torso. The other assassin staggered back and unsheathed an impressive curved blade. Explosions were sounding off behind them, [[Ki]] must be busy. 
**