**[2023-05-31]**

** 
[[Aarand]] followed in line behind his escort officer down the halls of the Empyrean. He hadn’t been here long but already any notions of him being a wolf in sheep’s clothing had vanished completely. He was in over his head. He was a sheep in a wolf's den. 

He did well to conceal his awe at the overwhelming size of the ship and architecture. The ceilings reached up to heights of tall multi level buildings, the hallways were as wide as roads. The hangar he had landed in felt the size of a small town and that was one solitary room, even *that* was filled with other smaller ships of varying size and power, all of which were capable of unstoppable force. How could anyone fight against this? His people were more unprepared than he thought. Unprepared was the wrong word he realized, it insinuated there would ever be a chance for his people in a battle. How many millions of years would his people need to progress to be in the same league as this? 

Everything was larger here, but it wasn’t just that, the walls were made of colored metal, electric lights, panels and machines, doors that opened themselves for you the ship felt *alive*. He had seen a castle, he had seen cities made of wood and stone, but in comparison the memories of them felt cold and lifeless. *Weak.*

From below, the Empyrean felt like the size of a moon, and perhaps it was. It was a capital ship after all, [[Aarand]] could get a better view of it sometimes when it hung low in orbit, but size proportion and distance did him a disservice. He was never prepared for how truly large and intricate this place was. How many thousands – maybe hundreds of thousands – of people lived here on this living vessel? How many other ships were there with millions and millions more people? [[Aarand]]’s head began to swim. They turned left down a hallway marked with an orange stripe running along the lower edge of the walls.

“This is living quarters H, or LQ-H. This is gonna be your new LQ designation.” The officer had a small panel device in his hand as he talked, flipping his thumb across it. “Your room is going to be.. erm.. 406. Here.” The officer motioned for [[Aarand]]’s hand and he offered it forward hesitantly.

The officer held the small panel device forward over [[Aarand]]’s palm, a pattern of light shining across it. “What’s this for?”

The officer gave him a quizzical look, “Do things different over in Minerva huh? This is a bio sig scan. And.. there you go, you’re in the system. Your room door will know your bio sig and allow you in but no one else.”

[[Aarand]] took back his hand and looked it over, no marking or anything. Interesting. 

“I’m just inputting your sig into LQ-H.. aaand yeah, there you go, you’ll have access to all the LQ living features: cafeteria, exercise center, simulacrum training, the social area, etc. You'll just have to have a look around when you get a spare chance, I don’t have time to show you everything today, you kinda caught us by surprise.” The officer chuckled softly.

[[Aarand]] had no idea what a cafeteria or simulacrum training area was but he didn’t ask. He had to stick to only asking questions he needed the answers to. Internally he winced for asking what the ‘bio sig’ was for already. Can’t be too suspicious, though because he was allegedly from a dark sector he guessed he had some leeway on this. [[Aarand]] nodded to the officer. At least he could guess what an exercise center would be. 

They started to walk through the orange LQ area which quickly opened up the hallways into balconies that looked down upon a massive area that spread out wide and far with a rolling field covered in grass and trees. He thought he could see to the other side of the field, but by that point the trees looked tiny, almost barely noticeable. He realized what made this scene look wrong in his head was that it looked so much like the fields and forests from the planet that it was strange to see the horizon sky made of metal instead.**